= xbeeSerialMonitor

Functions for my SmartHome system wrapped up in a neat little Gem. Maybe it's overkill and has taken me longer to write than my norm everyday dev,
but I've enjoyed every bit of learning something new. This is a project I'm slowly putting together with a couple mins here and couple mins there.

I'm not a ruby developer so I'm open to any comments or suggestions. I choose ruby because I can use this code on multiple systems.

I've got one prototype module that sends alerts from my security system to an xbee commander. The  gem will support control of a wifi thermostat, command a garage door  along with other senors around the house. 


= Example Use 
ruby-1.9.2-p290 :001 > require 'xbeeSerialMonitor'
 => true 
ruby-1.9.2-p290 :002 > XBee.configure do |config|
ruby-1.9.2-p290 :003 >     config.host = "127.1.1.1"
ruby-1.9.2-p290 :004?>   config.db = "HomeSmarts"
ruby-1.9.2-p290 :005?>   config.user = "smart"
ruby-1.9.2-p290 :006?>   config.pass = "smarthome"
ruby-1.9.2-p290 :007?>   end
 => "smarthome" 
ruby-1.9.2-p290 :010 > client = XBee::Client.new
 => #<XBee::Client:0x007ffc6b06edd8 @usbserial=["tty.usbserial-A700fpHG"], @baud=9600, @data_bits=8, @stop_bits=1, @parity=0, @host="127.1.1.1", @db="HomeSmarts", @user="smart", @pass="smarthome"> 
ruby-1.9.2-p290 :008 > client.SaveMessage("7e,00,0d,90,00,7d,33,a2,00,40,71,07,15,ed,15,01,42,a8,")
7e,00,0d,90,00,7d,33,a2,00,40,71,07,15,ed,15,01,42,a8,


== Contributing to xbeeSerialMonitor
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Chris Blazek. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

